c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Login.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.menua.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.menuv.resources
C:\Users\HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.IngresarPersonas.resources
C:\Users\HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.menupersonas.resources
C:\Users\HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.EliminarDatos.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.modificarpersona.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.eliminarproyecto.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Finanzas.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ventas.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Departamentos.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.nuevodepartamento.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.modificarproyecto.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.nuevoproyecto.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Proyectos.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.nuevoregistro.resources
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\UNIDOS.mdf
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\UNIDOS_log.ldf
